I am flash manufacturers its NAND flash
chips in a state-of-the-art 300
millimeter cleanroom manufacturing a
semiconductor is much like building a
skyscraper at the foundation is a bare
silicon wafer circuitry is built upon
this wafer layer by layer to form the
microscopic components in each NAND
memory device but this construction
isn't 20 stories tall try 20 nanometers
or 5,000 times smaller than the diameter
of a human hair each layer in a NAND
flash device is formed through a series
of steps or processes and each of these
processes is conducted at different
machines or tools for this reason I am
flash utilizes a state-of-the-art fully
automated material handling system to
transport wafers from machine to machine
with increased efficiency
the first step is to deposit a uniform
layer of materials on the wafer from
which the circuit pattern will be built
next the wafer is coated with a layer of
photosensitive resist like film in a
camera the resist layer is then exposed
by passing ultraviolet light through a
special quartz negative called a reticle
once developed the exposed areas have
resist are removed and a high-energy
plasma gas is used to etch the pattern
of the circuitry following the etching
process the surface is cleaned by
immersing the wafers in a chemical bath
then exposed areas of the wafer are
bombarded with ions to change the
conductivity of the silicon this process
creates the actual electronic components
in the NAND device to ensure uniformity
each wafer is polished to a perfectly
smooth surface
finally a layer of metals is deposited
on the wafer to create the electronic
pathways that interconnect the tiny
components in each device this whole
series of steps is then repeated more
than 20 times to build the complex
layers needed to manufacture of flash
memory device once the wafer has been
processed individual NAND flash or dye
are placed on circuit boards each dyed
is encapsulated in a protective plastic
package and tested for speed and
performance finished NAND flash chips
are then integrated into a wide variety
of today's memory rich products and in
turn put a world of information in the
palm of our hands